Feat: [Term Entry] PyTorch Tensor Operations .narrow() (#5582)
Codecademy/docs: content/pytorch/concepts/tensor-operations/terms/narrow/narrow.md

---
Title: '.narrow()'

> Description: 'Selects a narrow subsection of a tensor along the specified dimension.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns a narrow subsection of a tensor along the specified dimension.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Machine Learning'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Python'
  - 'Machine Learning'
CatalogContent:
  - 'intro-to-py-torch-and-neural-networks'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> In PyTorch, the **`.narrow()`** function is used to select a subsection of a tensor along a specified dimension. It returns a narrowed view without copying data. It is useful for extracting specific sections of large tensors without creating new memory allocations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In PyTorch, the **`.narrow()`** method selects a subsection of a tensor along a specified dimension. It returns a narrowed view without copying the underlying data, making it efficient for extracting specific sections of large tensors without incurring additional memory allocations.
```
